the people always ask who my favorite
superheroes but for me that's the wrong
question who my favorite fiction
character that's very easy Neo from The
Matrix obviously uh neom Morpheus that's
the kind of artwork I love finding but
traditional superhero stuff I love Iron
Man's my favorite Batman people without
superpowers that for me is like the real
juice because if you have to train and
push yourself and grow and develop like
that's my whole stick so when I think
about what impact Theory as an entity
all the universal want to exist in is
empowerment that the stories that we
tell are going to be a thousand
different angles on people going from a
fixed mindset to a growth mindset and I
want that to really be the core of our
ethos I want people to know if you go
watch an impact Theory movie if you read
an impact Theory comic book novel
whatever at the core of that is going to
be
[Music]
empowerment